# SENTIMENTAL ANALYSIS 

#### The best businesses understand their customers, which means to say that they understand how they feel, what they are saying about them and just as important how they are saying it. The good news is the information the businesses need is available: 2.5 Quintillion bytes every day. And large part of it is text based: people texting, communicating, reviewing, blogging, writing, memeing, diaries, court filings, measure the impact of a new company action such as new product, ad campaign, or news.
#### The bad news is there are too many information. 
#### Movie rating doesn't capture the nuances of the opinions and no one wants to sit and read thousands of reviews. Which can become expensive really fast. Movie reviews are subjective attitudes, emotions and opinions of people and a sentiment analysis extracts these information from the reviews. This sentiment analysis will neatly categorize people's sentiment as positive, negative or neutral and provide a topic summary.Ratings system tries to capture that sentiment in nice neat, simple and easy way to understand but it does not capture the whole picture, and the review don’t always match the rating. Below example rating was for a product but it got low rating because the customer didn't like the checkout system. 
#### These insights can be used to make business decisions such as direct marketing, recommendation system, and future project directions. sentiment analysis is very important source of information, that's why many companies have invested a lot of resources such as Amazon Twitter IBM and google But for this presentation I'll be focusing on the information gleaned from the text and comparing them to the information glean from the rating system I will begin with importing the nessary libraries.
